# TSConformer
The aim of this paper is to achieve a precise assessment of sports courage through the volumetric representation of human body silhouette sequences and key points in 3D heatmaps. To accommodate this 3D data structure, enhancements have been made to the network architecture of the Conformer model (Peng et al., 2021). The foundational Conformer model combines the local features of the convolutional branch with the global features of the Transformer branch to obtain superior feature representations. The convolutional branch is based on ResNet, while the Transformer branch is based on ViT, and they continuously integrate features from both branches in an interactive manner (FCU). We propose an enhanced version of the 3D-CNN and Transformer fusion deep learning model, replacing the convolutional branch in Conformer with 3D-CNN and transforming the Transformer branch into a two-stage temporal-spatial Transformer. Additionally, a routing mechanism is introduced across temporal stages to reduce computational complexity. Furthermore, the feature interaction is adapted to the 3D data structure, and cross-modal features from silhouette and key point data modalities are fused using a cross-attention mechanism, leveraging their complementary nature. Finally, a combination loss is selected to train the proposed network, including fusion loss Lfuse, silhouette loss Lsil, and key point loss Ljoi, where the total loss is defined as L = w1*Lfuse  + w2*Lsil  + w3*Ljoi. The model structure is illustrated in Figure 3.
Through these improvements, our model can simultaneously pay attention to thetemporal relationships between different frames and the spatial relationships within the same frame during vault. The organic combination of convolution operations and the self-attention mechanism enables the model to simultaneously capture both the local characteristics and global dependencies of the two motion modes during vaulting. The silhouette of the human body retains the information of the body outline, while the key points retain the information of the internal structure of the body. These two modes complement each other and can describe the vault process more comprehensively. Through the comprehensive consideration of time and space, local and global, contour and key points, our model can accurately capture the movement performance information in the vault process, thus realizing the accurate prediction of courage level.

